Global changes (#1526)
hadley/adv-r: OO.Rmd

```

Use this function to figure out which chapter to read to understand how to work with an existing object.

> 1.  Chapter \@ref(base-types) first details the basic types upon which the more

Reviewer: I think this should come after the paragraph starting "The goal of this brief introductory chapter"

Author: Changed!

    complex objects are built. 
    

> 1.  Chapter \@ref(s3) introduces S3, which is the most simple and commonly used 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Chapter \@ref(s3) introduces S3, the simplest and most commonly used
```
